Online version:


php:
	In Variable, make sure process name is being passed correctly in the PHP
	Fix list binding in SQL statements

python script:
	Why is it not iterating over all files?
		Maybe related to two pull requests?

Deploy:


Explore:
	TODO: go through each row and check that the pk isn't already included in the table
	When nodes are added, it's supplying the id as the name, not the pk.	
		(changed in vis_network_utils)
	Remove nodes
	Allow changing of network layout
	Colour edges by: type, Cor, Stage
	When node or edge is highlighted, filter datatable



Variable:
	

Finish addData.js
	Move "submit" button to its own tab on the left (to avoid it covering stuff)
	Display "Notes" as truncated, allow entry of notes through floating text box.
	FIX: when merging labels (e.g. changing a typo from "pop sise" to "pop size"), the network doesn't update properly.

	Add warning about leaving page

	Repetitively add progress in grid to cookie so it can be recovered.
		If cookie has data, offer to recover on page load.
		Remove data when data has been successfully submitted

	Add option to upload data from csv.
		Offer template csv in help section.

	Add date added? (so we can do recently added)
		Add to contributor line in addData.js
	Network:
		Add button: warn if variable not in database?
	TEST When grid is updated, update vis.js
	TEST Graph id property must stay the same, so check that sending data to grid is not using id, but "label"
	TEST Fix: When pressing enter on the input, hide the autofill
	FIX: Why are two pull requests submitted?

	Add button to remove variable from network (see commented button delNetworkElement).
		Should prob iterate through *grid*, then update network from grid.




Cookies:
	TEST Store temporary variable names in cookie
	TEST Store version number


Documents: 


Document:
	LOW If bibtex has an abstract field, display it.
	Display causal links graph vis.js (use general function)
	Links table:
		Find a way to change the column widths
		Add button to make change request via github
	Add link to download raw data from github repository

causal_links:


Database:
	"immitation" -> imitation
	Include new table linking nodes to a date in time.
	e.g. Control of fire: 1 million ya

Link: 
	(Maybe not: just use Explore) Create page for link, add documents that relate to it


Graphical display:
	Add node
	Expland node
		updateGrid: Check we haven't already added the data.
	Colour edges by:
		Evidence type, correltion direction
		Number of edges
	Find shortest/ all paths between two links?
		This requires full SQL: http://aprogrammerwrites.eu/?p=1391#.WlUQPUu3yRs
		So maybe output the database in a compact graph format, load with python and implement Dijkstra's algorithm for listing all paths?
	General function to display causal links given a list of links
		Plus option to focus/emphasise a particular variable
	Find brokers
	Find bridging theories (References that nodes in two other references)

About:
	Add license details
	Contributors:
		Contributor page shows ranked list of contributors


Coding:
	Fix "tool use ~ imperative gestures"
	Add important people: Kirby, Hurford etc.
	Fix measured by: decide on ~= or =~ 

Document:
	Colour stage cell by stage type (see variable.js): Probably need to make this not hard-coded (change css style with "addClass" or something?)

Search by evolution stage

Future:
	List of academics, do academic network discovery

Downloads:
	Add license details


Cosmetic 
	Pagiation (Next/Previous): fix to bottom of window?
		#documents_table_paginate{
			position: fixed;
			bottom: 10px;
			}